hello and welcome to another planet
destiny video in this video I'm going to
be covering my first impressions of the
trials of Osiris I'll have another video
later on today that will cover all the
information from the stream reveal and
for my own time playing it it's
surprisingly simple once you get in
there and play it but it's super super
competitive as far as my first
impressions I enjoyed every minute of it
but that's probably because I was able
to communicate with my team if I wasn't
able to communicate or I was going in
with people that I didn't really know it
would have been much more difficult if
you have ever played Daisy or
multiplayer in the last of us is a very
similar feel to it your heart is
pounding every time you engage an enemy
each game has a kind of cat and mouse
feeling to it you want to take out an
enemy but be sure to cover their
resurrection so the enemy team stays at
a disadvantage you always spawn on the
same sides so you have to figure out how
the other team is moving around the map
to attack ii during the short play time
i had i notice our team kept going the
same spots to cover the obvious choke
points so that's something to watch out
for when you finally step into the
trials yourself so instead of actually
just listing off tips I'm gonna just
give a quick rundown of the tournament
that we had between all the youtubers
while testing it my fire team was
composed of a striker Titan dado a son
singer warlock Mesa Sean and I was a
gunslinger so we had a pretty good class
composition speaking of Sun singers they
will still be able to take advantage of
their fire born ability which gives him
a very unique advantage the first game
was against in couch tetraninja and
enraged cinema we were all going in
blind ears so we didn't really know what
to expect I started off playing very
aggressive and was severely punished for
it as a result you don't want to be
pushing too far forward or else you'll
get trashed by the enemy team and your
own team will be very angry with you for
dying in an area where reviving will be
difficult once we got a couple rounds
under our belt we noticed that the
shotguns didn't really play a huge part
here there's more advantageous to stay
back and watch choke points with a
sniper or hand cannon it got pretty
close at the end but we were able to
secure a 5 to 3 victory which advanced
us to play in the next game our next
opponents were more console my name is
and Eric's gaming we started off trading
round to the start the other team
learned pretty quick that longer range
strategies were the key here and you
really only moved into the closer or
midranges when trying to secure that
final kill it was amazing how the team
dynamics actually changed once one
person went down there is an immediate
feeling of being pushed back at a
disadvantage because now you couldn't
cover so many areas we notice they kept
sending a cyber over to a side so I
would go over and try to counter snipe
them you want to avoid moving in
predictable patterns though our final
matchup was actually against Bungie my
hands were shaking as we zoned in
against these guys the first four round
or a complete slaughter on our part we
moved in and never gave them a chance to
breathe we will take one down and then
immediately move in when they went in
for Reza's and take them all out at
nearly the same time the table's turned
though on the fifth round I noticed they
were moving around a side and I
aggressively pot my golden gun and took
out two members we had the final
opponent cornered and daddo came in
first titan smash to finish it off we
were pretty much popping the champagne
at this point data was like mom get the
camera but then I noticed a countdown
timer tell us that we were one went away
mr. 5,000 watts popped up with a clutch
son singer res and revived a teammate
while we were still wondering what was
happening it was now a 2v2 and against
an active son singer it was a very quick
slaughter we just SAT there staring at
the screen wondering what happened the
room was going ballistic it was
basically like more visas fighting neo
from the matrix it felt like everyone
from Bungie was packed into this tiny
little room and all eyes were on us
sadly Bungie annihilated us after that
we watched them very quickly closed the
gap during the second to last round we
almost had the victory in our hands
again we herded them in the seaside and
I started off the fight with a trip mind
that took out miss 5,000 watts quickly
again i aggressively moved in with make
sure Sean covering my flank we took out
the remaining two and once again miss
5,000 watts rose from her pile of ashes
and reduced us to a burnt cinder the
final round was heartbreaking dado and
Mesa Sean got sniped down almost
immediate
I was left alone in very scared I was
brought a very swift death at the end of
an opponent's fell winners lie and the
bungee employees in the room all cheered
good games were had all around though I
felt bad for letting down the community
side but I was just really happy to have
had such an awesome match trials of
Osiris just based on that last match
against bungee is going to be huge I
cannot wait to see you guys picking this
up and running tournaments the eSport
community as a whole has a new
opportunity with this and I'm hopeful
that private matches are coming in the
future in the coming days I'm going to
have more trials of Osiris coverage and
thoughts until then I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I look forward to reading
your thoughts about the activity as a
whole this has been Patrick AC with
playing at destiny your guide to the
Destiny universe
you